---
layout: post
title: "A Review & Scoring of Addison by Addison Rae"
date: 2025-09-11 20:00:00 -0700
categories: music
---

As much as it is a surprise to you, it is a surprise to me that my first post on this blog will be a music review of Addison Rae's first album, Addison. 

I first realized that this album was real when I heard the song "Headphones On" while I was on the way to a golf round. Now, my first impression of this song (and therefore album) was that the line "Wish my mom and dad could've been in love" as the first line of the first verse was insane, lmao. It's actually so jarring to hear for the first time. However, I think that this oddity of a line does represent a theme that exists throughout this album. That theme is, "out of place". When listening to this album I often found myself asking "why is this song placed after that last song?" or "Who picked the track order?" or "Who produced this song and why does it sound so sonically different than the others?" Listening to this album all the way through in one go is confusing, and I found no theme or narrative throughout. 

These critiques don't come without any positives however. In order for there to be low moments, there must be high moments. I think the best thing this album does is channel the same energy as the remix of Von Dutch featuring Addison Rae. I think that version of Von Dutch is universally agreed to be a banger. Listening to it now. Anyway, songs like New York and Fame is a Gun capture this energy and are certainly the highlights on this project. Other songs seem to have an electronic influence, but in my opinion, don't neccesarily mix well with the vocals or production.

It is also important to note that this album is only 33 minutes long with 12 tracks. This album can be listened to on your commute! This follows a trend we are seeing in the music industry for sure. Lastly, before I discuss specific tracks, I have to say that I do like the album cover. It's got hints of early 2000's with the font choice and the color editing, and I do enjoy it.

